---
layout: post
title: "Web framework"
date: 2020-11-15
excerpt: "My first post about Web Framework I have learnt so far"
tag:
- markdown 
- syntax
- sample
- test
- jekyll
comments: true
---

## Introduction
Imagine you want to build a house of your own, however you are not an architect, what will you do?

I'll let your ideas gone wild, but one of the most common (I guess so) way is to have someone built you the house and then you can start with decorating the interior design. Similarly, with building a website, people will use Web Framework to initialize their website and then start with adding their own marks. 

## Web Framework

What is Web Framework? According to Wikipedia (such reference, I know), "A web framework (WF) or web application framework (WAF) is a software framework that is designed to support the development of web applications including web services, web resources, and web APIs. Web frameworks provide a standard way to build and deploy web applications on the World Wide Web."

This [Web Framework](http://taylantatli.github.io/Moon"><b>Moon) is built on Ruby on Rails and I'm studying about Django recently so I'm going to dive in those two frameworks.

### Ruby on Rails

Ruby on Rails is a Web Framework written in Ruby and it is licensed by MIT. It was first introduced in 2004. 
<ul>
<li>Server-side web application framework</li>
<li>This is for [guidance](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html) </li>
</ul>

### Django

Django is a Web Framework written in Python. It is very user-friendly that you can initialize your own "home" in less than 3 minutes (exclude one-time installation period). Users can make not just static web but application web with Django.

<i>Information about Django will be updated weekly</i>